At the turn of the millennium, ITV,
one of the main British stations,
decided to name 2000 as the Year of Promise.
They organized a long broadcast on The Year of the Promise,
not for charging money for charity,
but to call people and promise something.
What we want: We want you to promise something.
- And you'll make your mark in history. -- Exactly.
They said the promises would be preserved forever.
Registered in registers across the country.
And if you pay ITV some money,
your promise would also be written forever in a historic place somewhere in Britain.
Historic as here in the East India Dock.
A few years later there are hardly any signs that this has ever happened.
But to tell the truth,
I could say that in 2002 or 2003
The public did not care about the Year of the Promise,
and ITV has left the plan as soon as possible.
At least as soon as it did without loss of reputation.
The Internet Archive has most of their websites,
and the National Library of Scotland probably has the only available copy
CD with all promises, but all.
Some benches and memorials with written promises still stand like this ...
But many of them were destroyed or moved under renovations, or simply weathered in time.
Despite the millions that ITV has spent leaving a link in history-their words,
not mine-
promises were almost forgotten.
Designing something that lasts is incredibly difficult.
Although it is not just a commercial move.
But it is: it can be one thing.
The research proved an old urban reputation:
that writing a promise or a goal makes you more compelled to keep it.
It helps when you tell someone about it.
it helps when you leave it to engrave somewhere in the monument.
But just that it will be written,
even if you see it and no one else,
means that your human desire to remain consistent,
be faithful to your personal values,
it will cause you to be more likely to achieve it.
Or at least it will cause you to say,
when a reporter will ask you on the phone.
So I do not know if Kay O'Grady really cured OCD
or if Susan Moussa really taught first aid.
And maybe the lot of money ITV paid for their unlucky Year of Promise,
could be used for other, much better things.
But I like the idea that all the promises and commitments
they eventually really brought the world good.
Even though no one remembers them now.
Translated by the Czech YouTube community